It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75 percent mortality and
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
So, I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Just, it's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
He is the life of parties he has never attended.
If opportunity knocks and he's not home, opportunity waits.
When in Rome, they do as he does.
He is the most interesting man in the world.
I don't always ruin things, but when I do, I prefer the Great Reset.
Stay awake, my friends.
That should have been in black and white.
Darn it, I screwed that up.
I step out the front door like a ghost into a fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white.
And in between the moon and you, angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right.
I walk in the air between the rain through myself and back again where, I don't know,
Maria says she's dying Through the door I hear her crying Why, I don't know Around here We always stand up straight Around here Something radiates
Maria came from Nashville with a suitcase in her hand She said she'd like to meet a boy who looks like Elvis And she walks along the edge of where the ocean meets the land Just like she's walking on a wire in a circus
She parks her car outside of my house and takes her clothes off.
Says she's close to understanding Jesus.
And she knows she's more than just a little misunderstood.
She has trouble acting normal when she's nervous around here.
Carving out our names.
But we sacrifice like lambs around here.
She's slipping through my hands.
Home, sleep into the morning.
Mama's little baby better get herself in Oh, you blame her She says it's only in my head She says, I know it's only in my head
But the girl on the car in the parking lot says, man, you should try to take a shot.
Can't you see my walls are crumbling?
And she looks up at the building, says she's thinking of jumping.
She says she's tired of life.
She must be tired of something.
Man, I got lots of time.
Around here, we never sense a better wind.
Man, nobody makes us wait.
Around here, we stay up very, very, very, very late.
I can't see nothing.
Around here You catch me if I'm fallin' You catch me if I'm fallin' You catch me cause I'm fallin' down on you I set off under the gun Around here
Man, I said I'm under the gun around here.
And I can't see nothing, nothing around here.
The End
you
It does look like the Counting Crows landed a little flat.
That's okay.
I don't know why.
It was just something that popped into my playlist today.
It used to be music that I listened to way back when.
I don't know.
Sorry I failed on the DJ thing today if you didn't like it.
We're still here trying to dispel the enchantment and the music is supposed to be a little bit of an on-ramp.
can't always be Def Leppard or Pantera, and so that's where we are.
I think interesting times are not really how I would describe it anymore.
I would describe it a little more malevolent than that.
The truth
is hard to find nowadays and i don't i i didn't do a stream yesterday because i was actually pretty confident i didn't know what the hell was going on and i didn't know what the truth was and therefore it didn't seem very it didn't seem very smart for me to um go live yesterday and uh instead
You know, there's still no focus on any of these ideas, placebo batches, you know, nobody giving you an infectious clones, you know, lecture.
There's nobody talking about transfection and transformation.
And it just feels really like the protocols are basically out of everybody's mind.
I mean, if you said ventilators sometime in 2021, I guess that's all you had to do.
Or if you said Remdesivir sometime in 2021, I guess that's all you had to do.
And we're still just accepting this mythology of gain of function, and we're still running behind people who claim to be solving this Scooby-Doo mystery still.
That's the mainstream narrative right now, that the mystery's been solved and the left doesn't want to accept it.
I'm afraid the weaponized piles of money that had convinced us to argue about the novel virus are now convincing us to argue about the happenings over the weekend.
You know, what really happened.
Did the guy who shot at Donald Trump really live, really live just down the street from me?
Yeah, he did.
Apparently the guy,
lived like right up the block.
I have a photograph on my phone of me on my dog walk and met somebody on my way up there that was coming back from their walk and said they had just been interviewed on the local news.
And they had it closed for most of the day yesterday, the street up there.
I don't know what they were doing.
I mean, I assume
you know, trying to figure out whether he's the real bad guy or not.
And then there's all these things going around the internet that that's not the real, or he is the real bad guy, or, you know, his name is Crooks and his dad was in a Black Rock video.
Bethel Park High School, that's what they say on BBC.
That's what they said.
He graduated in 2022.
I don't know.
I don't know the truth.
I just know that we are seeing things because we are being allowed to see them.
I still have a hard time getting my head around the idea that possibly some of these things escape their control, but I guess it's possible.
I guess it's possible the plan didn't go as they wanted or the increasing likelihood of this randomly happening didn't quite come to fruition.
I don't know how to see it.
I really don't.
All I know for sure is that it's evidence that our country is not out of danger.
It is evidence that these weaponized piles of money that are trying to divide us in every way possible to dice us up into a million meaningless communities instead of having us organize in the only meaningful communities that matter, our town halls, our school boards, that's what this is all about.
And so although I am gonna be focused on the biology for the rest of the summer most of the time, it's important to take days like this to see that this malevolent mythology that's governing us, that's been placed on the internet by these weaponized piles of money is real.
It's very real.
And they organized it before the pandemic was ever even announced.
because as Mark Van Rans said in front of the Chatham House in 2019 or whenever it was about the 2009 swine flu, we didn't have control over the messaging like you do now.
What we would have done with Facebook, oh my gosh, chef's kiss.
And so we're there now, we're in 2024, we are five years into this operation, and I am desperately trying to show people that some of these people, wittingly or unwittingly, were put in place early and participated in the bamboozlement of us, our families, our children, our communities, and our nation, and our world.
And we are still being governed by these same people today.
That's the truth, Ruth.
I mean, yeah, of course they likely used the guy.
If it's real, if there were real shots fired by a real dude on the roof, then I guess security didn't do their job.
Something really badly went wrong there, and then something missed.
I'm under the understanding that some people died yesterday, though, or one person died at least.
And so, um, as we try to wake up to the illusion of AI and the illusion of, of their, their goal, just to collect data in hopes that someday they'll be able to solve the problem.
We need to look at our history and realize that they've been lying to us like this for a very long time.
These orchestrated events.
These orchestrated narratives are essentially how America has been run for a very long time.
That doesn't mean Americans are bad.
It doesn't mean America as an idea is bad.
But it does mean that the people that have been in the driver's seat have been metaphorically running over a lot of people around the world for a long time.
And we need to take control of our vehicle again.
That's what really needs to happen.
Oh wow, that was not really a good break there.
That was the wrong button.
Again, I remember I had to program all this in again today.
The charlatans that have power over us are not just these people that we inherited from our parents, but it's also these people.
And we need to be aware of it, that the pandemic exercise, the national security operation that was and is remaining to be operating on us, includes these people, at least many of them.
And if we're going to make gentle the life of this world as we move forward, we're going to need to break through every one of their illusions.
And their illusions could include this picture.
Because on the internet, I believe it is now very visible to me that these people have created an illusion of consensus about what questions to ask, and what people are asking the right questions, and which people everyone should pay attention to.
And that illusion of consensus, if it's not shown to your children correctly, they will be swallowed up in it.
If it's not shown to your relatives correctly, they will be swallowed up in it.
And they will think that the 40 comments that come after someone's post are all spontaneous conversations that
illusions of consensus just happen randomly and that's not true.
The only way that you're gonna see through this or your kids are gonna see through it is if you frame their contradictory information, their counter information in the biology.
You don't take their bait on social media and you love your neighbor.
It's not a generic statement, love your neighbor.
It's about setting an example with your heart.
It's about setting an example with your actions, with your words, saying what you mean and meaning what you say, and telling your neighbor the truth.
It might not feel like love right away, but in the end, this is what we need to do.
We need to inform, and we need to spread the word as often as we can.
Giga Home Biological is going to try to be on.
I'm going to try to be on every day.
I have done 53 daily shows in a row once, but I don't think that record is going to be broken by me anytime soon, just because there are times when I get gassed out.
I mean, I feel like I've worked so hard and spread myself so thin that I need a day off.
And yesterday, I just needed a friend to come over and troubleshoot a computer build with me and have a beer.
And so that's what happened.
And I feel a lot better for it.
Sometimes we all need a day off and so I worked on Saturday and took Sunday off instead.
Maybe that's how I should be doing it more often.
The paradigm shift is happening right now.
People are panicking, panicking.
It's kind of a freak out right now.
And if you want to see it, we're going to take a look at it today.
I think that's really a good idea.
We take a look at it today so that we can start engaging in United Noncompliance by ignoring these people.
do
Oh, there it is.
Good evening.
Good afternoon.
Good morning.
Good afternoon for me.
It is the 15th of July 2024.
Welcome to the show.
This is giga ohm biological high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm very happy to be here today.
I apologize for not being here yesterday.
Quite an interesting, traumatic, dramatic day.
And so I think now we have enough.
I don't know why I'm back there too.
I think we have enough now to follow up on that and try to get an idea of, try to put it in the framework of what's happening now.
There's been some revealing things on the internet lately, behaviors, patterns of behavior, patterns of rhetoric among the clown show, that I think it's finally time to push some of these ideas forward now, and some of these characters need to leave the scene.
Hold on one second.
It is really, really a crucial time right now where an entire house of cards could, in theory, be brought down if we can bring our fellow humans to see these liars for who they are.
And they might not all be witting liars.
Some of them might have guns to their heads.
Some of them might have been coerced.
But a lot of them are doing their job.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
The reality is, is that weaponized piles of money have gotten us to agree to argue about the origin of the virus and not worry about the countermeasures.
And by accepting this argument, this mystery that needs solving and working very vigorously on it for four years, we have come to accept the premise of it, which is a novel virus that either leaked or was released
And we are still being governed by these same weaponized piles of money and the same clown shows that were put in front of us as part of this military operation to make sure that we never asked meaningful questions until the time ran out on our young people, our young families, our young children and young adults in college, who are now permanently gone because these weaponized piles of money convinced us to argue about the novel virus instead of protecting them.
And so since we argued about the novel virus, we let them go back to college.
And they too have accepted the existence of a novel virus because they had to lock down in their dorms and wear masks.
And everybody was taking it very seriously.
This illusion is sustained by this, by us being ineffective at pushing back from it.
And we need to push back from it now because this, this,
limited spectrum of debate can be broken now, and it might not be able to be broken in a couple more years.
The way that we have been consciously and intelligently manipulated by these people can be broken, but maybe not in a few years.
It can't be history.
It's got to be now.
Now, if we try to pay attention to some of the things and some of the things we looked at last week were that it seemed like the virus debate about the flu was being sort of bookended by two very odd sources of information.
One, Robert Malone, the DITRA World Health Organization, DOD, I don't know what, executive service dude, and the Brownstone Institute and CHD.
where the Brownstone Institute and CHD were saying that, well, there is gain of function, and we've done gain of function on flu lots of times.
And then Robert Malone saying, well, you know, there is flu and it does jump, but it's no reason to be crazy.
And sure, we've tried to work on it, but it doesn't mean that it got out.
Reasonable and alarmist.
And they are part of this controlled debate that does not question the existence of these novel viruses and the doesn't question the background on which these novel viruses are being lifted.
I have two of these texts squared out here because I want you to see the message that they are giving right after the attempted assassination of presidential candidate and former president Donald Trump.
You experienced it all on mainstream television, says Brownstone.
The Facebook empire became practically useless for information.
The one major source for news was Elon Musk's ex.
It is because of this platform that we know what we know.
Stop lying!
Everyone knows a so here we saw all the broken pieces of politics state media and mental health and full display And gained insight into what happens when an elite attempts a great reset.
The result is calamity Compare that language to um
Compare that language up here, while slowly building internal fury regarding the assassination attempt on Trump.
Internal fury, he's angry because he's so conservative.
I have been reading Unhumans, the secret history of the communist revolutions and how to crush them by Jack and Joshua.
And the forward is by Stephen Bannon.
My guess is, is that there's a better book or two about communist revolutions than that one.
That's my guess.
I mean, maybe they should have called it Bolshevik Revolution.
Maybe they should have, you know, the War of...
I don't know, the War of the Flea, something like that.
Maybe that would be a better recommendation.
And then I received this essay as a forwarded recommendation from a friend.
I recommend that you read both this essay and the book because, you know, that's what people do all the time now.
They download essays and buy books and read them.
And then it says, put your big boy and girl pants on and get ready to act.
I cannot predict what is about to happen, but it's not going to be a gentlemanly disagreement.
Stop lying.
So the Brownstone and Robert Malone, the two sources of information that have been bookending the debate on avian flu pandemics, now think that an uprising and action is going to be necessary.
It's not going to be a gentlemanly disagreement.
It could be a calamity.
I find it very, very strange, ladies and gentlemen.
We are up against something very dark and malevolent.
This video was released by my friend Mark Kulak a day or so ago, and a blog post about it was released by
Vilma, which is probably in the, in the sub stack and in the, at the soap box.
And it's probably also here in the chat somewhere.
Let's just watch this video and think about what, what it represents.
Mark put this little Lego ninja baby in front of Sasha Latupova's daughter to respect her as a possible minor in that video, but to still try to emphasize
what these videos have to represent.
And because there are hundreds of hours of these videos, and they are highly produced, highly scripted, highly edited, you can only see this as a malevolent operation, especially because again, we're talking about a minor, and I'm going to make that point in a few minutes.
But again, we're talking about a very specific person here for a very specific reason.
Hey, wait, wait, wait.
That's not working.
Sorry about that.
I guess we have a memory problem.
UK cops, put them down.
UK cops, kill them all.
If you live in the UK and you take a gun and go to your local police station and happen to kill all, maybe all the cops in the room,
It might not be the worst thing in the world.
I certainly won't be crying.
But I certainly find your story inspiring because even after every major platform removed you, you're still going on your own website.
And I think that's a step that a lot of us need to take if we want to survive and keep making our content.
Wow, okay, well, I mean, I've got three daughters and they're awesome and they're smart, but I'm impressed.
Tell me something about your parents and something about yourself.
I mean, don't get anything too private, but whatever's okay for you to get in.
So, first of all, realize that this is before the pandemic, by a few months.
exactly the same timing as the Peter Thiel interview on the portal, exactly the same timing as right before the pandemic, Sam Harris saying that, you know, measles is all a big hassle in the end, but when we get this new pandemic, we're not going to be able to tolerate anti-vaxxers anymore.
This is all the same.
It's all the same timing.
It's all the same setup.
And what you see here before the pandemic is Alex
completely discredited Jones, interviewing Sasha Latupova's daughter, who might still be a minor in this video for all I know.
Interviewing her after many years of being a YouTube phenomenon.
And when you look at those videos, you can't see a daughter who's loved by her mom.
You can't see a daughter who's being raised by a responsible adult or adults.
You see child abuse.
What you see is child abuse.
And so even if she were to be 18 in this video when she was on Alex Jones, the whole thing with her on YouTube and the YouTube CEO and all the nonsense videos that she made before that, some of them are absolutely malevolent because it is only, can only be seen as child abuse.
This is not a responsible set of parents here.
It's coming and it's gonna get ugly, I assure you.
into, because I think America really admires you.
Thanks.
My parents are actually, they're actually, they voted Democrat.
They voted for Hillary Clinton.
They're left-leaning people, but they're fine with different opinions in the family.
They think that's fine.
They truly believe in free speech.
They don't necessarily agree with me, but they don't want to shut me down either, because they, and I think that's a stance that more left-leaning people should take, that they should be okay with, you know, ideological dissent.
So your parents are more classical liberals who actually believe in freedom and their children being able to think for themselves?
Yes.
My parents are actually, they're actually, they voted Democrat.
They voted for Hillary Clinton.
They're left-leaning people.
Marin County teenager is now at the center of the latest free speech versus hate speech battle.
Yeah, one of her recent YouTube videos has led to a police investigation.
foul-mouthed outspokenness and rants against political correctness has made her a far-right media darling and garnered her nearly a million subscribers.
Some of her comments have also made her the target of at least two police investigations.
One concerned an alleged threat made against the CEO of YouTube.
and she knew where the CEO lived, and she had called an Uber, and she had about 10 minutes to draw up a will, and it wasn't gonna be pretty.
The Tiburon Police Department determined that the threat was not credible since the 14-year-old does not have access to any firearms.
UK cops killed them all.
Okay.
So let's just think about this very carefully because now we're going to watch.
Remember, this is an Alex Jones video from a day ago talking about the Trump shooting.
Remember Alex Jones, you know, 25 or 30 years ago when he was younger and he did the, the, the Bohemian Grove video, he may have already been part of the show.
And if he wasn't very soon after he became part of the show, his, his whole legal thing, you know, he's got to pay a billion dollars, but they can only extract the billion dollars from his LLC.
And so once they sell all the cameras and stuff like that, there's really nothing left to get.
And so this has been a really big show in the legal aspects of it have been a really big show.
And the bottom line is, is that he's probably just going to start another LLC and everything will be fine.
So let's see what Alex has to tell us about the Trump attempt.
Listen to me very carefully.
I have told you for months on air they're going to try to kill Trump.
And when they try to kill Trump, they're going to go after everybody else that is his top supporters.
And they also will try to kill Biden and blame it on a Trump supporter.
That's coming next.
Make no mistake, the same deep state that's behind Biden, that's trying to make him step down, was behind this today.
They're now reporting it was an Antifa shooter who's now been killed.
How convenient is that, that the supposed shooter has been killed?
Ladies and gentlemen, our Republic is in maximum danger right now.
I'm about to go live at Infowars.com for its last show, Vandaught Video, and right here on X. There has been an attempted assassination.
The real President of the United States has been shot, and by God's good graces, has survived.
The bullet only grazed him over the ear and the side of his head.
But ladies and gentlemen,
The deep state is desperate.
They are in trouble.
They're going to try to expand wars.
They can do power outages.
They can do cyber attacks.
We are in such a dangerous position.
And I've noticed with all the viral videos out there, it's like, oh, he took a bullet for America.
He's going to get reelected now.
Ladies and gentlemen, the deep state did this, make no mistake.
And that lets you know they're going for broke.
Do you fucking understand what I'm telling you?
Take this deadly serious, just like war with Russia.
They are going to try to kill Trump again.
Now that they didn't kill him once, they are completely desperate.
And I'm going to tell you again.
Biden won't step down, the deep state will probably kill him or try to kill him in the next few days and blame it on a Trump supporter.
And we may see massive terror attacks in America that are blamed on Trump supporters.
They've been pre-programming it, they've been preparing.
I've been telling you, imminent assassination attempt on Trump every damn day.
Because that's what a dying, corrupt establishment does when their back is against the wall.
We're living in a historical moment right now.
We need Americans, people around the world, to pray for President Trump and pray for America, but also politically.
Get out there on X and everywhere else that has some free speech and get the point out that this- So just like the brownstone said that the only reason why we know anything we know is because of Elon Musk's X, so does Alex Jones, says exactly the same thing.
Alex Jones was brought back to X
The streaming capabilities on X were brought in just for Alex Jones and Tucker Carlson to take advantage of.
And of course, Kevin McKernan in April of 2020 was on podcast telling everybody that the debate about the novelty or lack of novelty of the new virus was happening on Twitter.
Drastic is a group of people on Twitter.
One of the main weapons used against us to make sure that this pandemic in our minds would happen was Twitter.
This attempted assassination that actually wounded the president, took a bullet for America, lies at the feet of the deep state and the corporate media that said, kill him, destroy him.
He deserves to die.
He's a fascist.
He's a Nazi.
It lays at their feet.
Instead, I see conservatives celebrating, hey, he'll win for sure now.
It means the globalists are going to go for a broke.
It means they know their time is up.
So I'm glad Trump survived.
I am so happy.
Thank God.
Thank you, Jesus.
But ladies and gentlemen, do you think this happened by accident?
No.
And do you think the system is going to back down now?
Power outages, cyber attacks, expanded war, China invading Taiwan.
Stock market crash.
It's all on the table and the deep stakes behind it.
I'll be covering it live coming up on X at Rillox Jones in the next 10 minutes.
Join me there and share the link if you want to stop these people dead in their fucking tracks.
It's not about him being a waste of space.
It's about what he represents.
What is he?
Well, he's somebody that the weaponized piles of money pay to do what he's doing and have been paying him since before the pandemic, just like they pay Joe Rogan.
But Joe Rogan is a big deal.
Alex Jones, you know, you don't think about him, you don't, you don't see him, but it's all the same thing.
It's all the same chorus of liars, Lollapalooza of stages, where these different groups, different groups agree that, yeah, I play with him.
He's my bass player.
That's my, uh, she's our lead singer.
And these combinations of people are all over the internet and you just haven't been aware of them because you've only been paying attention to one band.
But Alex Jones is one of the hubs of this kind of nonsense.
And once you start to see the little kind of hierarchy of as Joe Rogan would promote you and then they promote and then they promote each other and they go on each other's streams, that whole thing is now super visible.
It's very easy to see it.
The only thing you have to do is just in your mind figure out that it's Peter Thiel and Elon Musk and a few other
people that were put in place by our national security state to be like these people.
Especially Elon fake Musk.
So this is crazy because this is what I'm talking about when I say child abuse.
This is just child abuse.
Is she pretending to OD right here?
Is that what that was?
Just pretending to OD?
the elusive lieutenant corpus is here once again to shitpost and then leave for another week because making youtube videos is such hard work oh my god but anyways i hope you all had a great fourth of july um and if you don't live in america you know what i feel bad for you because you're missing out on a quite a lot so this is a problem you know i don't enjoy watching this but this is not a an adult this is someone who's supposed to have a couple parental guardians
supposed to have a couple of guiding adults supervising her, making sure that she doesn't make a mistake like this, or she's being used by the adults in her life, which is what this sure looks like, especially if you put it into context where this little girl is going to grow up into the daughter of Sasha Latupova and be promoted three times in 2019 by Alex Jones.
America's basically just the entire planet.
PERSONALLY, I spent my entire Mercaday comping while watching fireworks, cuz I don't know if you noticed, but comping is the shit, and also it's the most patriotic thing an American person can do.
I think we can all agree there's nothing quite like scarring some pure Christian Boy Scouts on a calm summer evening while getting your, uh, your sweet land of liberty liberated to the maximum.
I wanted to tell you all a story of how I almost I Guess I almost got injured cuz I know I didn't almost fucking die and luckily enough.
I don't do that shit Okay enough of that
let's watch her when she's probably closer to the age where we she's probably now maybe 17 or 18 here I don't know how old this is but I believe this is the place where Sasha's picture with her and her daughter
that she posted a few months ago in some of these contexts on the internet where she's losing her mind, which is, again, kind of sad for her daughter.
And I think this video would be the place where these things were done.
And so let's see how she trains or what kind of video she will make as a young adult.
I don't know if this is a very old child here.
Let's see what kind of video she'll make, because I think this will surprise you quite a bit.
and false flag shootings, you might be wondering, how do I get on in on the action, you know?
What do I gotta do to be the lucky guy that gets recruited to do something crazy?
How do I get on in on that action?
Lucky for you, citizen of the United States, and by this bill, you might be wondering, how do I get on in on the action, you know?
What do I gotta do to be the lucky guy that gets recruited to do something crazy?
How do I get in on that action?
Lucky for you, citizen of the United States, and Biden's Build Back Better bill, because he loves you so much, absconded in the 10,000 pages federal false flag subsidization program.
For example, if you're thinking, you know what, maybe I don't have the nerve to do something crazy.
We'll give you all the SSRIs and fluoride you need.
You're thinking, where do I get the money for these fancy guns?
Where do you think these, like,
mentally ill mcdonalds workers got the money from in this economy if you're wondering where to get money from just go on the internet and say that you're having violent thoughts all of our boys will swarm in there onto your venmo account to send you money our best discord groomers to your discord account to give you all the instruction manuals the quick rundowns and everything really we're trying to make this as easy for you as possible especially if you're a minority
If you're retarded in some way, we have all the affirmative action to get you on your feet.
Before you get started, though, we don't want you to injure yourself in any way, at least not yet.
You can do that after it's all said and done.
Here's a little thing you gotta know about gun safety, first of all, is you want to be waving it in as many directions as possible at all times.
Loaded.
Check the chamber to make sure there's a bullet in there.
Just have fun with it, really.
Do it for me.
Do it to save the white brains.
Hey, what's up, guys?
It's Soph here.
Just getting ready for the Pride Parade.
Oh, hey.
Didn't see you there.
I'm just here getting ready to go to the Pride Parade, considering I'm going to a GSA meet pretty soon.
So when you're kind of, you know, playing around with a gun as you do, you should always be playing around with it.
You want to keep your finger directly on the trigger so you're always ready in case any sort of homosexual person strolls by.
I need to see you holding the gun like this, okay?
I want you to take yourself out.
The way you gotta do it, you gotta take your gun like so, thusly, and, you know, shoot yourself in the back of the head.
So guys, one of the classic ways to make your whole thing more comical is going akimbo.
Very impractical, very untactical.
You want to make sure you're really close together so you don't start hitting each other when you're trying to shoot.
You start colliding with each other, you're shooting your other gun with each other.
If you're worried your gun might be malfunctioning, it isn't working properly, just make sure to test it on yourself.
Alright guys, you wanna make sure to do some shenanigans as far as, you know, how many bullets your man is actually carrying.
Just make it so that the numbers don't add up.
So, just in case you're not very imaginative, I'll give you some ideas of what sort of things you're supposed to say when you're shooting, okay?
Alright.
I'm doing this for you, Hitler!
I'm doing this for you, Trump!
This is the most offensive one of them all, okay?
Use this one with caution.
Let's go, Brandon!
Subscribe to PewDiePie!
That's resilience!
You find that funny?
You find that satirical?
You find that normal for some late teen to be doing?
Did you find that earlier video normal for a 13, 12 year old girl to be doing?
I don't find it normal.
My kids aren't doing that.
I wouldn't allow my child to do that.
I wouldn't allow my 14 year old boy to make any video even remotely close to anything that might even resemble two guns in each, a gun in each hand.
This, this is the girl that supposedly, you know, isn't really guilty of anything with regard to
It's just all, it's all satire.
Now it is time for lefties losing it.
It's been a big day for the demented, deranged and deluded.
Triple D, triple threat, triple the unhinged.
I mean, truly the left have come out of the woodwork because of the failed assassination attempt on Donald Trump.
So I'm just warning you, warning you now of the Trump.
Sky News Australia is part of the Five Eyes controlled demolition of America.
Around the world, the idea of America has to be destroyed.
The idea of what America means and what the American culture stands for has to be destroyed.
And so, even though you and I grew up in a country where it was supposed to mean honesty and hard work,
Sacrifice planting trees that you'll never shade under.
These people around the world are taking a lot of pleasure in the controlled demolition of America.
And what I need you to see is what she's about to show you could just easily be another weaponized pile of money version of SOF.
that is being perpetuated, being sucked out of the internet and amplified by news programs around the world with the desire to slowly but surely control, demolish the idea of America.
Not America, the idea of America.
And that's why you're going to see on Sky News Australia, a lot of the people that are involved in this clown show.
And that's why you see these people so happy about it.
Because that's the idea.
It's not tragic what's happening in America.
The idea that America is out of our control as American citizens is not alarming to them.
This is fun and it's exciting and it's hilarious.
They're not concerned about their ally being undermined from the inside.
They're not concerned about their ally, their former
Ally Being undermined by globalist traitors by communist traitors.
They're not worried about it at all They think it's hilarious that finally America's lost control of themselves or their their government What they don't want you to know is that they've we lost control of this government already a long time ago And that these weaponized piles of money have been organizing getting ready for this
And that's why it's so fluid right now.
That's why this woman exists.
That's why the TikTok influencers that she will now show you exist for the same reason that Soph existed before the pandemic.
And I would argue the same reason why her mom was elevated during the pandemic.
It is artificial, fake, clown shows.
They are side shows.
They're just another stage on the Lollapalooza of liars.
And they have them all around the world.
Australia watches them, watches in their own representation because they're watching a different set of stages than we can see at our Lollapalooza.
derangement syndrome ahead.
Let's start with this guy who looks as though he doesn't know if he wants to be part of a boy band or is transitioning perhaps to emo.
How do you miss that?
We don't miss those.
Come on man.
And so now we're promoting
The craziest people on the internet as an illusion of consensus about what's happening in America and we're taking pleasure in doing it.
We're getting paid to do it.
We're getting famous to do it.
We're called all stars for doing it.
They call each other all stars on the Sky News.
The all stars from Sky News.
They're all stars because on the internet, a lot of people watch them on purpose.
It's on purpose.
And that video goes on and on to show you lots of this stuff.
I don't want to put you through that because we have work to do.
But I need you to see it for what it is.
One shot at greatness to be mentioned in the history books.
And you missed the shot.
Trump did after he was shot.
What did it say?
So this guy, for example, is a guy who has been on Tim Pool a lot.
has been in a music video produced by Mickey Willis with Nurse Aaron and Robert Malone and a bunch of other guys.
A few music videos actually.
And now this guy is also speaking on Sky News.
Do you see it's the same network of people working with the same outlets, media outlets that are artificially elevated on these social platforms.
They are part of the controlled demolition of America.
That guy, Alex Stein, for example, is intimately involved, just like Rubin and Weinstein.
They are intimately involved in masquerading as people who are speaking out, but essentially create the illusion of consensus that reinforces the presupposition of the state.
And so now, why are we concerned about Sasha Latapova?
Well, here's Sasha Latapova, I presume, responding to some of the commentary on La Gata Politica.
That's a substack written by a woman by the name of Vilma, and Vilma is
I think she's an ally.
I think she's a friend.
I think she's fighting against communists.
I think she might have the life experience to know when communists are pulling their shit.
And so here we have Sasha Latupova not trying to have a reasonable discussion, but actually going really quite bananas.
Now,
this this is revealing of course oh gosh of course save every word i need the records of the pedo attraction cyber stalking of minors by you your pal hooey cooey and other degenerate biden voting fed american hater foreign meddlers in your group you see
So she tries to absorb everything.
We have foreign meddlers like Jonathan Engler and Claire Craig, and we have Biden voting people like her, Sasha Latipova, because her daughter even said it on Alex Jones.
We have Brett Weinstein.
We have Jill Glasspool Malone and Robert Malone, who were huge, staunch supporters of Obama and Biden and have
been complimentary to people like Peter Hotez.
And so these people, like Steve Kirsch, who was one of the largest private donors to the Democratic National Committee before the pandemic, these people are pretending to be conservatives, pretending to support Bobby as an alternative conservative candidate.
And they are definitely lying.
Stop lying!
And so here you have this woman who's got to desperately, desperately try to increase her significance in the story.
And she does it by trying to get any attention possible so that we're afraid to look at the evidence of child abuse in her daughter's life.
She wants us to think that, ooh, if we watch those videos that she allowed to be produced and put on the internet, that Sasha allowed to be produced and put on the internet and remain on the internet now, they are evidence of her malevolence.
They're evidence of her malevolence as a mom and probably her malevolence as not a patriot of America, but some kind of foreign allegiance, meddler, Ukrainian something, something, I don't know.
But she's not just this retired pharma exec who's trying to raise kids in a dangerous world.
And that was what you should see when you look at these old videos of her daughter, of which there are hundreds of hours.
The second one over here, you've been my subscriber for a while.
I haven't said or done anything bad to you.
You find an idiot online who is green with hatred and immediately zero in on this material which is freely available and half of it is my own photos.
Yeah, that's the point.
That's why I showed that gun range video where she probably was filmed by Sasha.
Sasha was probably holding the camera and they took a picture together with the rifles after they were done.
Don't you see?
These are admissions.
These are admissions that she was involved in a, some kind of elaborate scheme on the internet to create her daughter as some kind of rabble rousing, you know, highly intelligent, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
I don't know what she was, but then to be promoted by these people on censored.tv and by Alex Jones.
Now, what makes this especially, especially malevolent?
Well, because when Sasha Latupova came out originally, she came out and stepped in front of Catherine Watt.
She came out and stepped in front of Craig Partakoper and took over the story of Catherine Watt and took over the story of Craig Partakoper, the story about bad batches and the story about who we should blame and what laws are important.
And then she toured the world with Robert Malone and Meryl Ness.
She spoke in multiple conferences and has been promoted since.
The woman that is the mother of Soph, that abused little girl that we just watched, performing on the internet as a minor and suggesting that people should shoot Hitler or shoot Trump or shoot Brandon, I guess.
in 2019.
Or maybe that video is even from later.
I don't know when that video is from, to be honest.
And so why do I bring it up?
Because look, they gave me seven minutes and I was supposedly one of the experts that contributed invaluably to the production of his book, the writing of his book, The Wuhan Cover-Up.
I got seven minutes on a podcast with four other esteemed experts that would reply to my latest distillation of my theory about what happened in COVID.
And so how many podcasts do you think Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and CHD did with Sasha?
in 2023 alone?
Well, first of all, remember in 2019, her daughter was promoted by Alex Jones.
And before the start of the pandemic, her daughter was something that I don't know how to see it other than a very, very sad example of a child in America growing up with a very, very malevolent set of parents.
And now that person got a whole morning show with Merrill Nass.
Oh, interesting.
You know, this one, that liar right there that works closely with that liar right there and that liar right there and has been either bamboozling this one or coordinating with him.
And here she is now on a fun little podcast with Meryl Nass and Sasha Latupova to talk all about how the DoD is so bad, the DoD did this, the DoD, the DoD.
And I don't think Catherine Watt, I don't think that's her message.
I think it's a little more complicated than that.
but they're showing a picture of the Pentagon there.
Did you know that she was also considered an American thought leader by Epoch Times?
You know, the same Epoch Times that did a whole series from Robert Malone's farm?
Did you know that the Epoch Times considered her an American thought leader in 2023?
You know, the mom of Soph, an American thought leader.
So much so that she actually had to be on the Defender podcast twice.
And in the second Defender podcast, Robert takes a long time to compliment her on being an amazing patriot.
We're so lucky to have her whistleblowing on this stuff, aren't we?
You can't see it for any other reason other than it's evil.
It's evil.
It's very, very evil.
So what is Alex Jones really?
I don't know yet, but I do know that you can start to see these connections on the board, and you can start to see that the way these people have sort of articulated with one another over time, it's impossible not to see it as malevolent, that all of these people are organized against me, that they either ignore me,
or they attribute bad motives to me.
None of them will discuss the first few slides of any presentation I ever do.
And Sasha has been one of the worst, most malevolent liars in this show.
And the reason why you can know that is because of the hundreds of hours of videotaped psychological abuse of her daughter.
And so who is Alex Jones?
I think we can learn a lot from these people if we watch them on Alex Jones.
So I want to watch a couple of these people who've been recently on Alex Jones, not Soph, but some of these liars that I've been focused on for a few years now to see how they open on Alex Jones, to see if we can glean anything from how they open on Alex Jones.
We're not going to watch the hours and hours.
let's see we gotta go here and then i think it's oh no it's the other one this one yes so we're gonna start with brett on alex jones i'm very sorry about that what's happening now info wars tells you the truth about what's happening next visit infowars.com forward slash show and support the info
What we want is a system that liberates individuals as meaningfully and as broadly as possible.
That should be our guide.
That's classically liberal.
It is classically liberal, and I believe it is also actually liberal, and it is a perfect match for what I find my many conservative friends believe as well, that this is the metric that we can use to test any system that we put in place.
So there he's already admitting that he's not conservative.
His conservative friends.
You see?
They are infiltrators, they are liars, they are traitors, and they are collaborating with an obvious traitor.
Does it liberate people or does it constrain them?
If it liberates them meaningfully over the long term, it's a good thing.
What they have recognized is that they have no use for us.
And I wish that was an exaggeration, but you can see this so clearly in what they did to the public over COVID.
He hopes that they'll have use for him and his children because that's what he's doing right now.
He's showing allegiance to them in hopes that they won't treat him the same way they're gonna treat all of us.
This is an announcement.
And it's a declaration of whose side he's on.
I don't think we really have any choice but to rescue Western civilization.
It is the best tool we've got, always has been.
It's not to say that it can't use upgrading here and there, but.
So we got to rescue Western civilization and he doesn't have a real good description of what it is.
It couldn't be, you know.
It's awful.
We have to save it because your children, my children, and all of the grandchildren that we might ultimately have are depending on us to do it.
And the idea- He's just stealing our message, right?
It's not about our grandchildren if he didn't stop young people that haven't had children yet from taking a transfection by teaching them what transfection meant when they could have made a decision.
You understand that, right?
There's no way for this, this asshole, this traitor to claim that he was trying to save anyone when he didn't teach anybody what the word transfection meant.
When I begged him to do it, when we still could have saved our college kids from them, transfecting themselves.
I don't think we really have any choice but to rescue Western civilization.
It is the best tool we've got, always has been.
It's not to say that it can't use upgrading here and there, but we have to save it because your children, my children, and all of the grandchildren that we might ultimately have are depending on us to do it.
And the idea of hyper novelty is that although human beings are the fastest evolving animal species that has ever existed.
And that is largely the result of the fact that we evolve in a different way.
We are actually able to evolve culturally, which is much more rapid than genetic evolution.
But even though we are the fastest evolving animal species.
I'm sorry, but this is wrong.
And again, this is him trying to inject his,
his safe language into this to try and claim expertise.
So as long as he starts talking about evolution, then he becomes the expert in the room.
And this is part of his shtick.
It is an absolute enchantment.
Don't buy into it.
The idea that we're the fastest evolving thing because we have culture?
Really?
All culture's great?
We've been teaching the good biology to our kids and that's why we have vaccination schedule in America the way we do.
Do you see it?
This is the worst kind of traitor.
The worst kind of traitor.
He's probably lying to Heather about it.
that has existed.
The rate of technological change is so fast that even our evolutionary capacity, we can't catch up.
We cannot keep up.
And that is resulting in us being sick physically, psychologically, socially, and what you're detecting.
So the technology of social media is moving so fast.
It's making us sick because we can't keep up.
We can't evolve fast enough.
stop lying as the the collapse of civilization is really a manifestation of many different kinds of hyper novelty that is making it difficult for us to see what's in our interest they are gambling with
a planet that isn't theirs to destroy, that is actually, it is the birthright of every living person and it is the entitlement of all the people who will eventually live here.
They are gambling with it and they obviously don't know what they're doing.
It is likely that many of the deaths that occur as a result of these shops
It's the result of the mRNA platform itself.
That anything you loaded onto that platform would produce many of these pathologies, because the platform itself is deeply flawed.
And that is something that he only learned from me.
There is no one else he learned it from.
I am the one and I'm gonna put my flag here right now because in 2020, I was the only one saying it.
I got kicked out of drastic for it.
I got attacked for it.
I got offered day trading schemes because of it.
I got asked to write a review because of it.
I got meddled with to no end and including the invitation to join Brett Weinstein in a signal chat.
And it's all the same show, running out the clock on our young people so that we could not usefully question what was happening until it was too late.
And Brett Weinstein is as guilty as Meryl Nass, and is as guilty as Pierre Cory, and as guilty as Jessica Rose, and as guilty as all of these people who have not played fair, but have coordinated their lying.
coordinated their opposition to each other and occupied our consciousness and the consciousness of our children with their lies.
Former professor Brett Weinstein is in studio with us for an in-depth interview.
We're taping this.
He was a former professor at an undergraduate college and he taught evolutionary biology and biology, I guess, or something else.
He's got a single research paper.
He was not doing research of any meaningful kind when he was
at Evergreen, and what happened at Evergreen was filmed by tens of different cameras at a time when kids did not have cell phones.
You understand that, right?
Like they had studio cameras to film him.
Studio cameras were filming these faculty meetings.
That's not by accident.
That was because it was a staged event.
Did you know that Brett Weinstein was involved in the Occupy Wall Street Movement?
The same one that brought Tim Pool to fame and brought a lot of the people that he works with, that Krasowski guy or whatever, they all cut their teeth in the Occupy Movement.
On Sunday, while everybody else is watching the Super Bowl, I'm really excited about this.
The Occupy Wall Street Movement, you know what I'm talking about?
Does everybody know what I'm talking about?
Because that was also staged.
and the people that rose to prominence in alternative media during that event also was staged.
That's why Tim Pool rose out of that.
You should laugh about not having cell phones by go ahead and look at that video.
and see how many kids end up filming.
How many kids are filming?
How many cameras are present?
Because you would think that all we would have is cell phone footage of those arguments in the hallway, cell phone footage of some of those faculty meetings, but we don't.
We have very, very, very high res camera recordings from multiple angles, close up and far away of these faculty meetings.
of these places where supposedly Brett Weinstein's career crashed to the tune of a half a million dollar settlement.
Boy, it sure sounds like they kicked him out on his butt, doesn't it?
One day, that's a religion to so many, including my family that's all watching it right now and wondering why I'm not there.
Well, it's because this, quite frankly, is way more important.
A game comes, a game goes.
But this affects the entire future.
I'm not saying Occupy was not organic.
What I'm saying is, is that the people that that actually rose from that.
They were selected and they were programmed to rise.
They were allowed to rise for species on this planet that has never been in greater crisis, in my view.
And when I first learned about the doctor and former professor at Evergreen University in 2017,
He was standing up against really horrible racism against white people, saying they couldn't be on campus on certain days.
And so I just want to remind folks of where we really started seeing this guy explode out there.
And since then, he's obviously been everywhere where the top guest on Joe Rogan has his own hit.
podcasts as well that everybody should search out.
Luke Rudkowski, that's another one.
That one also is big time planted.
That's the Dark Horse podcast.
We'll put all that on screen for folks, darkhorse.locals.com and also on Rump.
You can just think of them as an extension of this network of the Intellectual Dark Web and The Clown Show.
and it's a show that I routinely watch, because I do a lot of research, but I certainly don't know a lot of what's going on in the world.
It was a famous Greek philosopher said, I know nothing.
Anybody that tells you that they know everything is either a fool or a liar.
The more you learn, the more you don't know.
But I learned a lot from Dr. Brett Weinstein, and it's great to have him here with us.
Now, I've literally got dozens of topics.
I want to hit.
Everybody knows half the time I do an interview, it's me doing half the talking.
I really want to give you, doctor, a chance to start wherever you want to cover them.
If Luke is from Canada, it wouldn't surprise me at all.
Here is Brett Weinstein going to tell you a little bit about his past.
Borders, you were just out at the Darien Gap with investigative journalist and war correspondent Michael Yon.
You just did an amazing podcast.
Which I just realized while I was looking for videos to archive of Kevin McCairn, because I don't watch his videos, but I archived them on a separate hard drive because I think they're history.
I think they're evidence of this malevolent little scheme to put a bunch of dipshits on the internet to make us so confused that we would believe a pandemic happened.
Maybe it was a bioweapon.
So this guy that they're talking about with the code name Big Honey,
Supposedly, a month or so ago, after they were at this Dairy and Gap little trip with Chris Martinson and Brett Weinstein.
Remember, Chris Martinson was also in the Signal chat that I was in in 2021.
And he also knows that it's a transfection and transformation.
We should have told people that.
So he's just as guilty as Brett Weinstein.
He just doesn't have as many followers.
And so that guy took Brett Weinstein and Chris Martinson down to the Darien Gap to show them how we're being invaded by Chinese.
And that big honey guy supposedly had some connection with Kevin McCarran because they were going to meet up in Japan.
Now, I didn't see a live stream that came after it, a recording of an interview that came after it, but Kevin definitely said he was going to meet Big Honey in Japan, which is really interesting.
Maybe they went to the same pool as Rixey was swimming at when he was there.
I would talk to Carlson.
I watched the whole thing.
Yes, Michael.
Yeah.
And then watch the clips again.
We played him on the show.
You really nailed what's happening.
And we were just talking before we started taping.
You should listen.
We have to save Western civilization.
We're in a crisis.
We've got to transcend these labels of left and right.
I don't really understand how Rick sees in Japan because when he came to my house he brought a woman and a little baby with him like a little toddler so is he just going and hanging out in Japan and and and being with his best buddy because he's that cool or or exactly what is exactly happening there you should question that a lot
And again, remember, Charles Rixey came to my house here in Pittsburgh and stayed overnight.
That's how he got me to stream about the diffuse proposal and briefly convinced me that him and I were at least the American wing of drastic and that I should trust him.
Yes, that happened.
And then a couple months later, Bobby Kennedy hired me because he said that Robert Malone sat him down and made him watch my stream.
So you see how that all connects?
Bobby told me that Robert Malone made him watch my stream with Charles Rixey on it.
And then Charles Rixey and I got hired by Bobby.
And so it seems like they're finally hearing me.
They're finally listening to me, but that's not what's happening.
That wasn't what was happening at all.
That was this network trying to absorb me to get me to adopt their message or adopt their pace of the titration of the truth so that I wouldn't disturb the narrative of the national security operation that both Brett and his brother and Alex and Jessica Rose and Robert Malone are all involved in.
I totally agree with you.
So we're going to cover the waterfront here today.
And I really appreciate you taking the time to make yourself available.
So let's, let's start.
Well, thanks.
I'm really glad to be here and to meet you finally.
Uh, I've long been a fan of yours, if a bit cryptically.
Um, and in fact, maybe that is a place to start.
Um, many years ago, I guess it would have been something like 2011,
I was part of the Occupy Movement, and although the Occupy Movement got ridiculous quickly, and I wish I had realized where it was headed earlier, I was paying attention actually to your coverage of it.
And something that impressed and surprised me was that as the Occupy Movement was being targeted by the federal government,
You covered that targeting and you were incensed by it.
And I was heartened to see you defending people who obviously ideologically... So we're supposed to believe that Bret Weinstein, since 2011, has believed Alex Jones despite his conspiracy theory status.
Despite his Sandy Hook status, whatever that is.
And so he's praising him, praising Alex Jones for having seen what the Wall Street thing was.
So can you see now that actually during the Occupy Wall Street, Alex Jones and Brett Weinstein were already working against us.
They were already a network.
doesn't mean that they had to acknowledge each other.
They were already sitting at that same table where the weaponized piles of money convinced people to get on the internet and ask questions that reinforced the presuppositions of the state.
That's Brett's job.
That's Brett and Brett's job for a long time.
And that transition, that history with Occupy Wall Street and then something happening at Evergreen, this is all orchestrated theater designed to put Brett in exactly the place that he is right now.
designed to put Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in exactly the place that he is right now, designed to put Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak and Ralph Baric in exactly the places they are right now, to put Bobby Kennedy and Children's Health Defense and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass in exactly the place they are right now, where they can titrate the truth and make sure that nobody questions the faith in the novel virus that killed millions of people in 2020 and 2021.
We're not closely aligned with you, and I felt at the time, and I feel even more strongly now, that you're a patriot, and I really appreciate that you see all Americans as worth defending.
Stop lying!
Thank you, but look, if I don't defend everybody, I'm not going to get defended.
It was that famous quote by the pastor in Nazi Germany.
We don't need Alex Jones to defend us, you see?
We don't need Alex Jones.
We don't want Alex Jones to defend us.
We need to go to our school board meetings and our town hall meetings.
We need to be there for our kids.
We need to pull our kids out of university if it doesn't suit our family.
Not share Alex Jones or buy his supplements and not share Bret Weinstein or buy his book.
That's the illusion here.
He's not a patriot.
He works for this national security state that would enslave our children so that they can take their medical data before they run the population down.
He didn't stand up for this group when they came after him, then he'd stand up for that group.
And finally, when they came for him, there was nobody left to stand up for him.
I exactly agree with this, and I think that really is the team that needs to assemble.
All of the patriots who respect the principles on which the U.S.
was founded.
So they want you to think that they are the team.
We should assemble around Brett and Alex.
That's the team we need to assemble around.
Why?
Why can't we assemble a team around teachers like me or lawyers that actually know what they're doing?
not lawyers that don't work for a law firm and therefore can't do anything for real.
people that will say strict liability out loud as a combination of words meant to be an idea.
Western civilization is founded need to put aside ideological differences so that we can fend off what threatens Western civilization.
And at the point that we've succeeded in doing that, we can go back to fighting over ideological issues.
But for the moment, they're beside the point.
Now, I didn't really go into your bio, and most people know who you are, and they know a lot about you, but maybe we should just real quick talk about your background, what you've done, your best-selling book, The Hunter-Gatherer's Guide, The 21st Century, and then kind of your political... Crazy when that came out, just in time for everybody to be locked down and need something to read.
He said he was going to send me one, but he never did.
Process and what you would call yourself today.
And then let's talk about that big attack on Western civilization and then launch into wherever you want to go.
Sure.
You want me to tell people my background?
Just about yourself, yeah.
Sure.
I'm an evolutionary biologist.
I studied bats as part of my dissertation.
He studied bats.
But that work led me quickly to the study of biological trade-offs.
That is to say, oftentimes anybody who's managed a system
Be careful, don't get bamboozled by the idea that he studied anything beyond reading, which is fine.
I read now and reading is good, but when he says study, it's not like he's, you know, getting grants and teaching students and supervising PhD students, all of which I've done.
I've played the Academy Magician game and done it with some varying degree of success, but one of the things I've definitely done is supervise students to fruition.
And so he's not one of these kinds of, he kind of worked at a very expensive community college when you think about it.
Knows that you can't have everything.
You have to borrow from one thing in order to accomplish something else.
And it turns out that that's the way biology functions too.
So anyway, that became my focus and it has an important implication to this day in terms of how I see civilization and other complex systems functioning.
Complex systems is something that he says a lot as a kind of enchantment.
It's a very low-level enchantment, but the idea is for him to say that, and then for most of the people that are listening to say, well, I definitely don't understand complex systems like this guy does, so I'm just going to defer to him.
Taught for 14 years at the Evergreen State College, which was a very strange place.
It was the most liberal college in the country, I believe, by almost any measure.
And there was a lot to it that was crazy, but there was also a lot to it that was quite brilliant.
The founders of the college had thrown out every single structure that would exist in or profess at a time, full-time professor.
Each right to each individual with 23rd of 2017 by 50 students that I had never met accusing me of racism.
I wasn't concerned.
Look at all those cell phones, man.
Everybody's making a recording, right?
There are just all really, all those cell phones, look at them all.
There were too many people who knew that that accusation had no reality to it.
And so I knew it wasn't going to stick.
So that allowed me to stand up to it.
I found out that on Kevin McCarron's LinkedIn that he got his PhD from an online university.
Is that even possible?
Is that real?
Did we miss that for four years that Kevin McCairn is an online PhD?
It's hard for me to imagine.
And the protesters who came after me made the mistake of proudly filming everything they did.
And when they released that footage to the internet, people looked at me being confronted by students who weren't willing to even have a conversation.
So we're talking about experimenting with how to make people go viral.
We're experimenting with what Alex Karp said.
How do we know things?
How do we participate in our democracy or can we participate in our democracy?
And those questions belie their true motives.
The question is, can we put enough bullshit on the internet and on people's cell phones so that they cannot usefully govern themselves?
Can we put enough bullshit on people's cell phones so that they cannot usefully know something?
Those are the real questions that Alex Karp was interested in.
Those are the real questions that Palantir is interested in.
Can we control information to the point where people cannot ask useful questions and therefore cannot govern themselves?
And people like Brett Weinstein are participating in this malevolent removal of our ability to govern ourselves, of our kids' ability to govern themselves, by actually teaching our kids this mythology.
That's what's happening here.
That's how malevolent it is, how traitorous these people are, to their own countries or to ours, depending on where they are from.
I mean, and they knew something was wrong in this diversity.
I think McCoon graduated from the Open University on the internet, but you got to look at his LinkedIn, because I think it's on his LinkedIn.
Yes, but he had an inclusion movement.
Just to interrupt, it felt like a malice struggle section.
I think it was in every way, except that the students who were confronting me, I don't think knew very much about Mao.
But in every other way, yes.
Keep going, sorry.
So anyway, I was teaching evolutionary biology.
The mind in his own business.
Had hired a new president.
You want to speak on.
This is not about you.
I'm talking.
Those are the top.
Do I think they're targeted anywhere?
See that phone right there?
That's not a very good recording phone.
I don't think I'm being silly when I say that in 2017, we didn't all have fat iPhones with 4K cameras on them.
That one's filming.
I get that she's filming, but not everybody's filming like it would be now.
There's a couple filming.
See, that.
This is Brett Weinstein pretending to speak out against something while he shows it to you.
He's pretending that this isn't spontaneous.
but it's pretty highly produced.
We don't have any problems showing you how the illusion of consensus is created.
These are the same videos that they use on Sky News and we can keep going, right?
He's going to show, you're going to do some nitric boost and then he's going to show a video of, of, uh,
of Yuri Gavali, right?
He's gonna go through all these things, scare you with all these things.
Here he goes, more t-shirts to sell.
Then we're gonna go to, I know that there's a Yuri, there he goes.
See, now we're gonna show this guy.
All these bad, that guy.
We're gonna give him 15 minutes of our time, let him say things, and then Brett's gonna speak against him again.
They're using the same clips.
They're using the same sound bites.
They're using the same samples.
They're just DJing them a little bit differently.
This is no different than Sky News Australia.
It's just our own version of the Lollapalooza and Brett Weinstein is intimately involved in it.
Just like Joe Rogan.
He might be unwitting, but he's unwitting in the way that people look away from things in the military.
I don't need to know what's behind that curtain.
Don't tell me.
That's how unwitting Joe Rogan is.
I'll gladly take $100 million and interview anybody that you send to my house.
Okay.
Let's go to the next video because I've had enough of Brett.
Malone on Alex Jones.
While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
Visit Infowars.com forward slash show and support the InfoWars.
I'm just gonna click through.
Fight the who, fight the who.
Reject the amendments of the who.
Doing a lot of news programming, a lot of news programming, programming, programming.
Ooh, look at that.
That's from my show.
I used to dab that as a lead in.
So where is Malone?
Think about this.
Think about how much I'm fast-forwarding through.
nitric boost i've been plugging nitric boost here we go selling stuff maybe we gotta do this is the adult version of soph that's all he is the adult version of soph and soph is the little kid version of alex jones
And Sasha Latupova, as a parent and a mom, is responsible for the little kid version of Alex Jones.
It's malevolent, it's child abuse, and it's gross that Bobby Kennedy, wittingly or unwittingly, has promoted her mom as some kind of patriot when she's clearly involved in the same network that these liars have been in for years.
And she used her daughter to participate in it.
It's just, it's, it's gross.
I respond to a lot of them.
I'm addicted to it.
I developed 40% on a support and stuff.
It's the Apple.
I can buy some more stuff.
I've started up like a B, James Corbett, James Corbett.
Blackrock.
Oh, Fish Oil.
Who's that guy?
Another one of the dudes?
Another one of the intellectual dark web kind of orbit?
We're into an hour now.
More Blackrock.
Just making announcements for them.
Nothing more.
Not giving you a useful way out.
Just announcing for them.
Where are we?
Where's, where's Robert?
Is that you?
Oh, hey there.
I just, I just, there we go.
More of him.
Wow.
It's crazy.
Look, selling more stuff where there is alone.
It just gets worse by the minute and then all the anecdotal evidence.
So I'm kind of ranting here.
Robert W Malone.
MDMS, one of the pioneers, the most sourced, main pioneer into mRNA, been warning about it long before they even rolled out COVID because some of the problems with it, obviously.
It's great to have you, Dr. Malone, and we really appreciate you coming on today.
Well, thanks, Alex.
And I just want to acknowledge your leadership and your ability to see around corners.
Again and again and again, you have been labeled as a conspiracy theorist and a nutcase for speaking the truth that you were able to perceive earlier than many.
So there's the Venetian lion behind him, I guess, according to Matt.
Eret, it might be the Venetian lion, the same lion that Bobby Kennedy asks about, asks Sasha about in their second Defender interview, where he says, your lighting is not so good anymore.
The last time I saw you, you had this beautiful painting of lions behind you.
And I guess you're a very skilled painter, huh?
That's really great.
The one that Robert Malone says is a real bad girl.
She's naughty.
She's really mean.
You know, this one.
Where is the Kersh McKernan?
And where is that one now?
Hmm.
I wanna put that up here really quick.
So he says that Alex Jones can see around corners.
I wonder who else has been on.
So Alex, you know, COVID is a respiratory infection, arguably, right?
It's supposed to be.
Well, there's very little in the Pfizer documents on lungs.
It's all about- Interesting, so she's been on too, that's cool.
So let's see.
So Robert Malone says that Sasha's a real bad person.
She's like hard to handle or something, I don't know.
So, you know, the reason why I lecture on Willis that I usually... Thank you for coming on, sir.
This isn't too long ago, Mr. Sanchez.
I did catch your comments regarding such a lot of POVA right before the segment went live.
I really don't appreciate that.
Thanks.
OK, yeah.
Sorry about that.
I, you know, if you're going to cite things that you've asserted that I've said,
Please cite where you got that information and provide context.
Sure.
I was citing the comment from her letter, her open letter.
Yeah.
And the video that she has been extremely rude to me, attacked me multiple times.
Did she call you a pedophile?
No.
The language she's used is way, way over the top.
I wonder.
So way, way over the top context.
And so the the lady who who whose daughter was featured on Alex Jones, who who was has a live shooting video where she says this is for you, Trump, while she's shooting a pistol.
And her mom is promoted by Robert and they went on, they were so close that he trusted her so much that he took her to Scotland, sorry, to Sweden to be in a Stockholm presentation.
And she was on stage with him and Meryl Nass together, like asking questions on a panel.
And now he's trying to pretend that Sasha Latapova has been very rude.
I guess rude like she is in all the comments and all the tweets she's ever done to me.
And all the tweets and all the comments she's ever made about Mark or Vilma.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is one big show.
and they are all pretending to argue with each other, oppose each other, agree with each other.
Believe it or not, on this podcast that I showed you earlier,
On this podcast that I showed you earlier, remember she was on Alex Jones in 2019, then her mom gets promoted by CHD and Meryl Nass, who I know is a meddler from way back, has been working with Robert Malone for a decade or so.
She gets featured on Epoch Times that also has done a whole series on Robert Malone.
And she gets two different interviews on the Defender in 2023 with Bobby by herself.
And she is lauded as a patriot and a whistleblower and a retired pharma exec, risking her future, whatever, I guess.
And in that video right there, in that video right there, look, look at them.
That guy's running for president.
You're telling me that he doesn't know about Soph?
that his team didn't look up who Sasha was to find out that, oh, her daughter is interesting.
That Robert Malone just happened to run into her a couple years later after she stepped in front of Craig Pardecoper and Catherine Watt in 2022, came on my podcast in 2022 to tell me about the bad batches, but never said that placebos would be a great way to do it, even though she's a pharma exec.
There are videos of her young child daughter swearing, talking sexual.
It's written on her arm.
It says, it says, it says C-U-N-T on her arm in that video, scribbled in ink.
This is a malevolent network of liars that is part of the controlled demolition of America.
The network extends all the way into Five Eyes alternative news.
It extends all the way to Five Eyes alternative resistance organizations like Heart and probably Panda.
It extends to resistance organizations that have been infiltrated like ICANN and CHD.
And that's why Sasha Latupova was promoted multiple times by these people, including Epoch Times, as an American thought leader, former pharmaceutical executive, who basically got gifted something by the Democratic Party.
When she moved here, married her husband, I don't know what took some, I don't know.
It's just, it's disturbing.
These are not people who were lifted up by their bootstraps, but were gifted multiple gifts by the deep state.
So many gifts that they said, yeah, you can have our daughter.
Sure.
Why not?
If you're trying to figure out how influencers are created, you're trying to figure out how, how internet phenomenon are created.
We'd be happy to loan you our daughter.
That's what this was.
And that's why we need to ask the question, who is Alex Jones?
Not who, we need to ask the question, what does he represent?
Just like we need to ask the question, what does Soph represent?
What does Soph and her mom and Alex Jones and the appearance of Peter McCullough and Brent Weinstein and Naomi Wolf and Robert Malone all on Alex Jones.
And now there's a whole,
interview with David Martin.
And they all agree that Alex Jones sure is ahead of the curve.
Just like Soph.
They use the things that they learned by running people like Soph and Laura Loomer and all those other people on censored.tv.
They learned stuff from those canceled channels, those media exercises.
And then they applied the lessons that they learned to the promotion of Kevin McKernan at the beginning of the pandemic.
They weaponized it.
That's why it's not just these people, but it is also these people that were weaponized against us, put in front of us, elevated on social media, just like Soph, just like Alex Jones.
But these are good ones.
They're part of the same, same network that the Tommy podcast is a part of.
Tommy is just another Soph.
That's why he's laying under a blanket in a recliner most of the time.
He's just another SOF, an artificially promoted denizen of the internet that has been used to control the limited spectrum of debate.
That's why these people were all on stage together in Romania, and it includes Steven Hatfill.
You know, the guy with the bubble suit in Africa in the early 2000s, that guy.
The guy that the Outback, or sorry, Outbreak movie is written after.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's not looking good.
It's not looking good for these people.
It's not looking good for these people that have bamboozled our children with the argument about the origins of the virus, that they agreed that the argument about the origins was important.
They agreed so much that they created this illusion of consensus in cooperation with DAISAC.
and Ebright and all of these people that were in front of the mainstream media just as much as these people that weren't in front of the mainstream media and they all agree on social media now.
They all agree it's the worst case scenario because it's likely a lab leak.
They probably released it.
Oh my gosh, are they trying to kill us or when are they going to start?
They all agree on this worst case scenario and the way that they're getting away with it is agreeing not to talk about 2020 and just say the shots are bad.
Like what Brett Weinstein just said, that the shots are killing people.
Nevermind that they were willing to murder people to convince people to take those shots and that they used Brett Weinstein in order to lie about that murder, to obfuscate that murder long enough so that the clock would run out.
Clock would run out on this narrative and we would be stuck in the car with them anyway.
Please, can you stop the car?
I want to get out.
No, no, no, no, no.
We're almost there.
That's why Bret Weinstein has never talked about Sina Bavari or David Hohn or the Sina Bavari paper that's in Bobby's book, even though he's listed as one of the experts that contributed to the book.
He's never covered any of that book, any of the biology in that book, any of the statements in that book.
never talked about Stanley Plotkin, doesn't know who Hilary Kaprowski is, never talked about the Barr family or the promise system and the theft of medical information a decade ago, and has never talked about Joshua Lederberg and how he has been one of the instrumental forces behind the crafting of these ideas so that we would accept genetic engineering as gene therapy.
They will not talk about how GigaOM Biological has refuted these ideas with very succinct statements.
won't talk about them, they just continue to focus because, again, it's a spectacular commitment to lies.
That's all that is required is a spectacular commitment to lies, and that makes the faith real.
That's it.
There's no more magic.
As long as they keep talking to each other, as long as these people keep swimming in the same hot tubs or taking the same pictures of their shoes together, we will never escape.
That's why Robert Malone is front and center even now.
Robert Malone, who studied retroviruses with Robert Gallo and Murray Gardner and David Baltimore, who was interested in packaging sequences when he was a grad student, who got PTSD from that experience because he was so ethically superior, who then went on, despite all of these setbacks,
who worked for DITRA and DOD and the WHO and NIH study sections to the tune of $50 billion of grants awarded.
He won't talk about Judy Mikovits because she comes from the same mentor chain and he worked with Gert at Solvay, Gert-funded Bosch, and they also did a COVID movie in 2021 that nobody seems to watch anymore.
He's the most interesting man in the world, according to the commercial that was made by Mickey Willis.
It's all the same illusion about a bad K virus, an illusion of consensus that they created, an illusion of consensus that these people created in concert with these people.
They created this illusion of consensus.
They created it.
And once you see this, all social media is still worst case scenario, you can see it.
You can see that they're still doing it.
It's just an orchestrated Lollapalooza of liars.
And the way they do it is not talking about this stuff.
RNA cannot pandemic.
That's it, it's done.
The whole thing disappears.
The faith is a lie.
Can't grow RNA in a dish.
Doesn't work very well.
But you can find RNA in the wild.
You can purport to sequence things in a wild.
And whatever you sequence, you can stitch it together and make it however you want to with synthetic DNA.
We have lots of technology to do that.
That's true.
And DNA is very, very high fidelity copying, even in an E. coli culture.
And so if you have a sequence and you want to make a lot of it, that's not a problem at all.
3,000 bases can be made with high fidelity for pennies.
And then you can convert it to RNA if you want to, or you could just put it right on a cell culture with electroporation or lipofectamine.
Put it right in an animal or send it to your friends.
The point is, is that virology has called this infectious clones, and they've called it that for a couple decades now, ever since David Baltimore and Vincent Racaniello did it.
And infectious clones are very, very, very, very easily could be made in large quantities the same way that antibodies and venom are made in large quantities.
And that's why you don't need to call them infectious clones.
You should just call them synthetic RNA and DNA in quantity that can be found by PCR or sequencing.
And it can probably make cell cultures go bananas.
It can probably make an immune reaction very reliable in an animal.
And that's it.
Virology is transformation and transfection of cell cultures and animals using synthetic DNA and RNA purported to be found in the wild.
That's how, that was the job of Peter Daszak.
That was the job of Ralph Baric to create that illusion that synthetic RNA and synthetic DNA can be used to approximate what we find in the wild.
And that is a lie.
And so by doing their research, by publishing their papers and choosing the words that they chose, by writing the grants that they chose, they perpetuated the idea that virology was sound, that virology was real, and that synthetic DNA in virology is just a shortcut that recapitulates Mother Nature.
Lying!
And that's not true.
But the reason why they had to do that is to convince you that the worst case scenario was in fact a laboratory leak, when it's not.
It's just transformation and transfection.
And they are willing to murder people in order to keep this secret.
Because it is on this secret that the criminal vaccine schedule in America is based.
Without this secret, there would be no criminal vaccine schedule in America that could be justified.
But with this narrative and with this mythology of synthetic DNA and RNA approximating very well whatever happens in nature, we have the vaccine schedule that we have.
That's the reality.
We have the vaccine schedule that we have because they created an illusion of consensus about a gain-of-function bioweapon.
because they created an illusion of consensus that vaccines have saved us in the past, an illusion of consensus that was perpetuated very much by Robert Malone, very much by Steve Kersh, very much by Robert Malone, and continues to be perpetuated by people like Jessica Rose, who pointed to the bears and said, wow, look, there's a new signal that we didn't have before, which has led a lot of people to believe that the earlier vaccine schedule was indeed pretty harmless.
No need to watch the movie Vaxxed, I guess.
They created this illusion of consensus, ladies and gentlemen.
They created it.
It's just synthetic DNA.
All of this stuff is based on synthetic DNA.
All of their countermeasures are based on synthetic DNA.
All of their lies are based on hiding the synthetic DNA, hiding the lack of fidelity in full genome sequencing.
They created the illusion of consensus that the Human Genome Project was complete when it wasn't.
They created the illusion of consensus that sequencing of this virus is very high fidelity, and we have 16 million sequences of it.
They created that illusion of consensus, together with people like Pierre Kory, who created the illusion of consensus that we had this crazy virus going around, that we needed to do other things, that we needed alternative treatments, that we could apply as much supplementary oxygen as we need.
And none of these people will talk about the fact that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
None of these people will talk about how transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And none of these people will talk about how RNA cannot pandemic.
They won't admit that these weaponized piles of money are paying for them, that are giving them their comfort and their fame.
They won't admit that by participating in this argument, they ran out the clock.
And they won't admit that they are part of this theater that governs us today.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
And if you like what you saw, please go to GigaOMBiological.com.
and find a way to support the stream.
If you want to share this work, please share stream.gigaohm.bio.
Matt Ehret actually shared stream.gigaohm.bio and that video's got over 1,500 views or something like that now.
So it's a really great platform because nobody has to sign in.
There's no algorithms.
There's no ads.
You can hear the music in the beginning.
And most importantly, it is paid for by me, by my subscribers, by you guys.
So thank you very much.
Make sure you share.
That's what I really need right now.
Yes, I need support, but we'll get the support if you guys work on sharing.
Because people that find me for the first time and figure out that we've been doing this for four and a half years, a lot of them jump right to the subscribe button.
But we don't find very many of those people.
So if you can help me, please help share the work.
It's really important.
We don't have much time, but it's only a hundred miles to Chicago So we can still make it.
We've got a full tank of gas.
I love you guys very much.
See you again soon Feels a little slow.
There we go
You guys should start forwarding this stream to, you should start forwarding this stream to Donald Trump.
That's what you ought to do.
I've seen that kill box lecture.
It's pretty cool, but it's more complicated than the DOD.
The DOD may have designed the kill box, but Health and Human Services needs to declare the emergency and Health and Human Services and DITRA and all these other intelligence agencies, they give the orders, they boss people around.
If the DoD did something, they did something as part of an elaborate theater that they are only one part of.
I love you very much.
See you tomorrow.